Adria is well-known for manufacturing
everything from panel van conversions up
to my TA classes but this time around
it's turned his attentions to the
campervan and has come up with a
cracking new idea in the twin 500s now
what's so good about this is that it's
on a five meter long wheelbase so it has
to have some fairly clever design ideas
to actually work one of which the best
thing is that it has a sliding door on
both sides of the vehicle
Continental manufacturers bringing fans
into the UK generally don't re hand them
so the sliding door or the habitation
door will not be on the UK near site
this means you have to distort your
passengers into traffic if driving in
the UK I don't think this is the reason
why on this fan there are twin sliding
doors it's more to do with the fact that
it's only 5 meters long so having this
kind of open access is extremely
valuable so you can see that having
these double sliding doors means that
you can have the seating group around
the table in the middle of the van spin
the front seats round to face the
passengers at the back and suddenly you
have an extremely sociable area a
fantastic design solution and one that
will be very popular I'm sure now you're
not really going to be cooking a Sunday
roast in one of these vans but the
cooking facilities and nonetheless very
good you get 3 gas burners a circular
sink and a compressor fridge plus
storage solutions above and below and
the wide open aspect at the rear of the
vehicle means you can impress the
outside world with your culinary skills
you won't find a washroom in all 5 meter
long camper vans but a curious solution
is very clever you push back on this
little partition here to reveal a
washroom you have your swivel loo and
the cassette underneath of course and
there's also a shower where is that you
may be asking I found it it's in the
floor very clever thinking indeed and
there is your shower tray with a curtain
up above to partition you off from the
rest of the vehicle the Adria twin 500 s
has a starting price of just under 39
thousand pounds put a few nice desirable
extras on it and the price will increase
the 43,000 but that still seems good
value for something as clever as this
dealers I spoken to at the show say that
they've got lots of orders in and
there's been a massive interest from the
public so watch this space this one
could literally
fly off the forecourt
you